viu: add page (#7295)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/viu.md

# viu

> A small command-line application to view images from the terminal.
> More information: <https://github.com/atanunq/viu>.

> - Render an image or GIF:

Reviewer: I think that's an important detail to mention:
```suggestion
- Render an image or animated GIF:
```

`viu {{path/to/file}}`

- Render an image or GIF from the internet using `curl`:

`curl -s {{https://example.com/image.png}} | viu -`

> - Render a transparent image with a transparent background:

Reviewer: I think one time is enough
```suggestion
- Render an image with a transparent background:
```

`viu -t {{path/to/file}}`

- Render an image with a specific width and height in pixels:

`viu -w {{width}} -h {{height}} {{path/to/file}}`

> - Render PNG or GIF files with their original names:
> 
> `viu -n {{*.{png,gif}}}`

Reviewer: The `*.png` is a feature of the shell, not of `viu`, so we should focus on the `-n` flag here.
```suggestion
- Render an image or GIF and display its file name:

`viu -n {{path/to/file}}`
```
